I love to scare my little brother, Randy. I tell him scary stories about monsters until he begs me to stop. And I’m always teasing him by pretending to see monsters everywhere.
I guess that’s why no one believed me the day I saw a real monster.
I guess that’s why no one believed me until it was too late, and the monster was right in my own house.
But I’d better not tell the ending of my story at the beginning.
My name is Lucy Dark. I’m twelve. I live with my brother, Randy, who is six, and my parents in a medium-sized house in a medium-sized town called Timberland Falls.
I don’t know why it’s called Timberland Falls. There are a few forests outside of town, but no one cuts the trees down for timber. And there aren’t any falls.
So, why Timberland Falls?
It’s a mystery.
We have a redbrick house at the end of our street. There’s a tall, overgrown hedge that runs along the side of our house and separates our yard from the Killeens’ yard next door. Dad’s always talking about how he should trim the hedge, but he never does.
We have a small front yard and a pretty big back yard with a lot of tall, old trees in it. There’s an old sassafras tree in the middle of the yard. It’s cool and shady under the tree. That’s where I like to sit with Randy when there’s nothing better to do, and see if I can scare the socks off of him!
It isn’t very hard. Randy scares easy.
He looks a lot like me, even though he’s a boy. He’s got straight black hair just like me, only I wear mine longer. He’s short for his age, like me, and just a little bit chubby.
He has a round face, rounder than mine, and big black eyes, which really stand out since we both have such pale white skin.
Mom says Randy has longer eyelashes than mine, which makes me kind of jealous. But my nose is straighter, and my teeth don’t stick out as much when I smile. So I guess I shouldn’t complain

Anyway, on a hot afternoon a couple of weeks ago, Randy and I were sitting under the old sassafras tree, and I was getting ready to scare him to death.
I really didn’t have anything better to do. As soon as summer came around this year and school let out, most of my really good friends went away for the summer. I was stuck at home, and so I was pretty lonely.
Randy is usually a total pain. But at least he is somebody to talk to. And someone I can scare.
I have a really good imagination. I can dream up the most amazing monsters. And I can make them sound really real.
Mom says with my imagination, maybe I’ll be a writer when I grow up.
I really don’t know about that.
I do know that it doesn’t take a whole lot of imagination to frighten Randy.
Usually all I have to do is tell him there’s a monster trying on his clothes upstairs in his closet, and Randy turns even whiter than normal and starts shaking all over.
The poor kid. I can even make his teeth chatter. It’s unbelievable.
I leaned back against the smooth part of the tree trunk and rested my hands on the grass, and closed my eyes. I was dreaming up a good story to tell my brother.
The grass felt soft and moist against my bare feet. I dug my toes into the
dirt.
Randy was wearing denim shorts and a plain white sleeveless T-shirt. He was lying on his side, plucking up blades of grass with one hand.
“Did you ever hear about the Timberland Falls toe-biter?” I asked him, brushing a spider off my white tennis shorts.
“Huh?” He kept pulling up blades of grass one by one, making a little pile.
“There was this monster called the Timberland Falls toe-biter,” I told Randy.
“Aw, please, Lucy,” he whined. “You said you wouldn’t make up any more monster stories.”
“No, I’m not!” I told him. “This story isn’t made up. It’s true.”
He looked up at me and made a face. “Yeah. Sure.”
“No. Really,” I insisted, staring hard into his round, black eyes so he’d know I was sincere. “This is a true story. It really happened. Here. In Timberland Falls.”
Randy pulled himself up to a sitting position. “I think I’ll go inside and read